>> Kyle SImpson: Can I give
a default value to the parameter?
In JavaScript ES6,
that's the coming version of JavaScript,
we do have a syntax for
default parameter values.
That doesn't exist in your current
JavaScript, but the next version has it.
>> Speaker 2: And
do you have another course on that?
>> Kyle SImpson: There is a course on ES6,
so.
>> Speaker 2: You're asking
about a function callback.
>> Kyle SImpson: That's more
than we'll get into right now.
We'll probably come back
to that after lunch.
But that's more than we'll get into now.
What I wanna do in our last couple
minutes is talk about the difference
between this variable a which exists
outside of the functions, and
this variable b which exists
only inside of the function.
You'll notice I have another
variable called b here, and
these bs are entirely different.
Does everybody see that?
There's a variable b,
it's almost like there was a var in here.
There isn't, but
it's almost like there was a var in here,
that declarative b that exists
only inside of that function.
So if I took this part out,
and I just tried to access b,
what we expect to have happen is an error
because there is no b available to line 9.
>> Kyle SImpson: The b exists only inside
of the function, not outside of it.
Identically, too, if I said var c = 42,
if I put a variable inside of my function,
it's not available outside.
And if I said var c,
if I take that program and I run it,
we're gonna expect to get a reference
error because c doesn't exist.
And in fact, we get a reference
error that c is not defined, okay?
>> Kyle SImpson: So putting a variable
outside versus inside a function changes
where it is scoped.
Scope is this technical term for, you can
think of it as sort of there's a bubble
around the internal contents of foo,
and then there's another bubble around
the outer contents of our whole program.
Those are two different scopes.
There's one scope here and one scope here.
Notice that there's no a inside of our
foo, and yet we didn't get a problem.
And the reason for
that is that you can always
access variables above you or
outside of your scope.
But you can never reference
variables that are further down.
So that's a one-way street.
When I ask for
a here, it first looks to see if it
sees an a inside of foo, but it doesn't.
And so where it goes next is it
goes out one level of scope.
And it finds an a there,
so it's able to use it.
But the reverse was not true.
We could not take a variable
that was inside of it and
access it from the outside.